Please go through all the instructions and make sure there are no mistakes & missing any logic gaps to complete a transaction for all features. There are some mistakes I can identify which need to be fixed 

1/ it does need to say chat at the top header, only in the tab. 
2/ when I click to post in the chat tab a user should not need to specify what category to post in, it is it’s stand-alone feed. 
3/ you do not need to have a profile button on the top header as I can see you added it to the navigation drop out at the bottom, that suffices. 
4/ for the navigation drop-out a user should have to change from buy -> sell, gigs ->work, freelance->(work not hire), with a toggle next to it on the pop out navigation menu. For example the top one should be ‘buy ‘toggle button’ then saids sell on the right of it. If the toggle is pressed it goes to that other page so and so forth
5/ you also missed a jobs section to go below freelance which should have the functionality like a indeed/ziprecruiter. The tab should show jobs, then toggle button, then ‘hire’ on the right. Please make sure the full user flow is there. 
6/ For the buy screen, instead of tabs at the top it should sideways items listing per category with a view all button *view image* you can put placeholder items to get a better look. Distinctively though each category to the right above the sideways item scroll should have a ‘view all’ button that when clicked on opens a full normal item page in grid view of the items listed for that category 
7/ For the gigs tab make the default page when you open it the screen that is viewable after one hits the ‘post a gig’ button, there’s no reason to show the screen before that 
8/ for the work side of the gigs icon, which should when the gig /work tab is pressed with the toggle on work, I don’t see it built at all regarding the way I described to see requested jobs in the area based on their location with information about the job the ability to approve a job and have a private message capability with the person hiring. This means the account will also need a messaging tab categorized for each category of working/hiring for a gig, freelance, or job. And all other user flow to make the work side of the interface work to complete a transaction. 
9/ For the freelance side I don’t see the work side built out either (which should be accessible in the same way) & for the default freelance side it should have two options to post a project (meaning the work side is going to need to see those work requests to submit a request) but  also primarily see a list of candidates who made an account under each category from the work side 
10/ buy button needs a location filter search, sell screen needs a location radius to correlate with what pops up on the filter on the buy screen from their location data (just like the gig/work side) & (Buy/selling will also need its own chat category from the account in case not already mentioned) the location filter for the buy screen should also access a full page of icons for all the categories 
11/ users should have the option from their profile to add their message chat as an icon on the navigation tab